---
title: ALAN
date: 2017-12-23 17:34:02 Z
layout: post
description: A short story.
author: Sharad Raj
post_for: web_dev
---

NOTE: - The story is imaginary, its only for entertainment purpose, it’s a humble request to readers to be patient while reading the story. It does not have intentions to hurt anybody.
 

It was a nose freezing,cold winter night.Christmas was about to come.Everyone was returning home,security guards were alert,groups were passing by talking about today’s baseball match .“ Boston’s team was good enough but the Norths were better.”.

All the things were going well. It was a lovely night.



“Hey ! Alan. Whats up?  Where were you last night?”



“I was in the class.”



“Oh! Come on why don’t you Bunk some day and Hangout at the central park,It’s so fun being there.”



“Peter you know me well,I cant do this all I have so much work to do.”



“Well I will make you Bunk some day , Good bye then.”



“Good Bye Peter”



“See you tomorrow.”







“Home’s near.”

He was walking on the footpath,Suddenly someone shouted his name, he looked back but there was no one.He kept on walking.



“Alan, save meee!”



A much loud noise came in his ears.He stopped!.



”Is anyone there ?”



No reply came.



“It’s VI-Street,Belmont Square,now only a couple of steps.”



He opened the gate and was about to enter,he heard the siren and suddenly a police car appeared it went like a bullet towards the central park , he wanted to follow the car but it was late,he locked the gate and went  inside.



“What were the cops looking for ?”

“Leave it !............ Oh my goodness this editing will make me an mad some day.”

“What will happen if I become mad ? well that is certainly a mystery,I myself will solve it one day.”

He started giggling.....

He fell asleep so quick that he has almost made his bed sheet with vine he was going to drink.



THE NEXT DAY



“Its SIX.time for some paper work.”



He was thinking of those phone call which he did not picked up last night.He thought for a while and then started doing his work..



Knock! Knock!............................Knock! Knock!



“Now who has come .”



He went down the stairs.Opened the gates.

There was no one there,he got a bit irritated ,as last night someone was calling him for help and today the same kind of incident happened.



The telephone started ringing .



“What’s the matter? Why the holy shit this phone is ringing from night?



And he went towards the telephone and quickly picked It up.



“Hello! I am Mark Jones secretary of Mister Walter, can I talk to Mr. Alan please !”



“Hamm! Yes, Its me Jones. what’s the matter? Were you calling me last night?”



###TO BE CONTINUED...



EXPECTED DATE OF PUBLICATION : JANUARY 15 , 2018